All right
Let's go back to our editor go to questions
page jump to script section
and here let's add mounted hook.
in here
let's call another method
let's say Fetch questions
now let's add methods
and define the fetch questions method. Here we
can consume our questions API endpoint like so.
axios get questions
then
data
in here we simply assign the API response to questions.
this questions equals data data.
Let's save.
Back to our browser
reload the page
something went wrong. Let me open my browser console.
I made typo here
authirize
So let me go back to my editor
here in question excerpt
so here it should be
authorize save.
Reload. All right
now we have all questions displayed in this page
Awesome.